Hahahaha, what the hell am I talking about?
Why does it smell bad?
I thought who pulled it
So you brought the dung bucket here
Hahaha, do you know what day it is today?
How dare you bring a dung bucket?
You are simply a disgrace to the market
Hmph wolf
Master Chen Bai hasn't come yet
Why did you leave so quickly?
Don't embarrass yourself here
Why are you afraid that I will win this game?
Hahaha, you're so stubborn.
Since you are so confident
Then dare to make a bet with me?
If this dung is a national treasure
I knelt down and called your dad
If not
I'm going to pee in your mouth for you
Wash your stinky mouth well
Shh. Okay.
Master Fang, do you dare to gamble together?
Sure, I can't ask for it.
Whoever loses is at the disposal of the other party
today
I will teach you a valuable lesson
It's a deal.
What's your trouble?
It's okay, it's great, the drug finally works
I'll make you look good when the conference is over
Here comes the master
Bai Dashan, may I ask whether the university Beckham is the voyage?
Le Wangtang Principal Gui Huangxiang
I'm so lucky to see you today.
Hahaha, I have long heard that Hangzhou is full of national treasures.
It really deserves its reputation when I see it today
This is an eye-opener for the old man.
Master Bai, you have come all the way to work hard
You can start now.
Okay, only present any baby.